Mantas Misevicius Proposal of my game and controller.
So I have two options in my head at the moment, and since when I was in the lecture on Monday, this proposal is for you guys to tell us if it possible to make it and kind guide us through our proposal. So my first game would be pretty easy, since I don't want to set my marks too high and don't want to run out of time, let's get started. It would be a single player game, where you would have for example 6-8 buttons and would be like reaction game, I would add led lights to help player which button press when. For example it would light up the colour on the screen and the you would have to press the correct button in time, and if you don't press it you will lose a life. You would have in total 4 life and every time when you climb higher the gap where you have to press the button will go down, from 5 seconds to 3 seconds and finally would be 1 second or even less for more hardcore players. In the first levels where you would have 5 seconds gap to press the right colour (button) you would lose 1 life and later on after you climb up every 5 levels you would get 1 life, after each level the time would decrease by 0.25 seconds, so in 5 levels you would only have 4seconds to react by pressing button. So that would be like a single player game for me, I think that would be pretty straight forward and easy to learn, and players could increase their reactions times which is cruel in games and really important, so it would be fun for players to see who can climb higher in highscores and learn a bit at the same time.
I have also other mind in my game that I can make with controller, and I want to ask which would be for me better to make, and in which game I would get the better mark. So my second game would be a multiplayer it would be pretty same as the first one, it would be just against other player, you would also need the reactions for this game, so you would have two screens or one split screen where two players would see same colour or same number on screen, and who ever presses it faster will deal one damage to other player, each player would have 3 life each, and who ever gets to a 0 life will lose the game. To make the game more important I would do that the screen would show either the colour or the number, so it would be some virtuosity. So I would like to help me with my two games, which would be better to create, since in my 2nd game I would need two controllers. But in my opinion 2nd game would be better and players would want to play it instead of my first game, since you would have some competitive game play. 
